[Music]
welcome to the breakdown will we break
down all the messed up [ __ ]
my name is spooky but today we are
talking about a movie called a truce or
in English atrocious another cool thing
is that one of the producers is mr.
cannibal himself the director of
Cannibal Holocaust I didn't want to
pronounce his name cuz I can't pronounce
anything right but anyway a truce is
pretty similar to August underground in
a way as well because a lot of the
atrocities shown is through footage
recorded similar to the August
underground series this is the plot
basically it takes place in Mexico cops
arrest two men for drunk driving and
accidentally killing someone but then
they find through investigations that
these two men are some of the most evil
men in the world you're gonna see as
much as I can show before we get into
the movie at all let's have a word from
our sponsor our sponsor of today's video
is the ridge wallet an entity
responsible for the flagship minimalist
wallet sitting in pockets of many people
today the rich makes many everyday goods
under the goal of better living
backpacks chargers and most famously
wallets if you think that a bulky wallet
holding stuff you don't need is whack
then consider the usefulness of the rich
wallet aluminium titanium or carbon
fiber plus dozens of colours as well
held together by a durable elastic band
is perfect for holding your important
cars and ID as well as blocking any
attempt at hacking the RFID chips and
your cars if you have them plus they can
hold cash as well using a strap or clip
both definitely and used by me ever
since I got them a perfect minimalist
wallet over 30,000 five-star reviews as
well if you are interested you can get
10% off your purses as well as a free
worldwide shipping and returns by going
to wrist comm slash spooky I'll say it
again
rich comm slash spooky and use the
discount code spooky and that's on any
product you decide to check out from the
rich website anyway the links are in the
description thanks again to the sponsor
of the video the rich wallet they are
really helping me out
you can find this film on to be TV it
might depend on a region though but
regardless let's get into the breakdown
[Music]
so before we start I'm not even good at
pronouncing English words so give me a
break if I pronounce some Spanish words
wrong the movie starts out with a
montage of real clips I'm sure this was
some excess footage of Mexico you see
lots of different stuff but most of note
it's just prostitutes and stuff also
just stuff to show a part of Mexico that
is rundown and in need of recovery you
also have some radio audio of somebody
from the los zetas crime syndicate I
wouldn't mess with them unless I was
John wick or some it also says 98% of
twenty seven thousand and five hundred
murders in Mexico go unsolved okay
enough of the statistics in all that we
cut to the scene of a shocking car
accident the type of stuff you would see
in rare a dead person two drunk [ __ ]
ran over a woman detective Juarez he
arrives on the scene and examines the
grisly sight upon seeing the two drunk
[ __ ] Gordo the lardo here and Goyle
the Ripper detective Juarez looks to
their car and finds a video camera this
is where he sees their recorded
adventures is pretty similar to augs on
the ground just the two are bullying
random people just for the sake of it in
some cases and stalking women sometime
later in the recording they track and
kidnap a cross-dressing prostitute and
tie her up to be straight up they punch
her a lot
stabbed her in the leg and spew oral
evil from their mouths just like Peter
and his cameraman she shits herself also
like the girl from that movie and they
rub her [ __ ] all over her and stuff like
that I think even Gordo here is eating
the [ __ ] or at least playing with it in
kissing it they also burn her scalp and
shoot her three times that's it for her
and that's it for the tape and Gordo go
yo are both taken into custody
the police in his movie though are
pretty questionable themselves these
ways of torturing their prisoners to get
info out of them is scary in his own
right
but don't take that as feeling bad for
these demons they deserve worse also
here's one of them getting their finger
nose taken out but they still don't
confess or you know talk about where
they hid the bodies of their victims
eventually through some electrical
torturing one of them reveals the body
was put in some garbage dump area some
crime investigators look through the
setting of the torture and collect
forensics and stuff like that they also
discover another videotape hidden in a
corner of the room seemingly showing
some extreme footage the CSI uses the
police camera to watch it back the first
part is just footage of a stripper
dancing while Gloria records goryeo gets
a private dance from the stripper and
her name is Ginny stop okay so Ginny
Ginny is one of the main characters of
another movie that I was also actually
gonna do today but I couldn't so it's
kind of funny let me shut up she's on
her period administrating a little y'all
probably like what she telling us that
for we'll just listen okay go yo finds
her menstrual fluid pretty tasty Ginny
and Goyo really hit it off with their
fuck-buddy relationship she's pretty
accepting of his kinks too suffocating
and cross-dressing gets him off one
fetish she didn't know about though was
his blood fetish he asked if she has
done with her period and she is since
she is though he goes psychotic because
he wants blood he beats her with the
camera savagely reminds me of that clip
of someone slamming their own head on
their monitor that circulated years ago
he also stabs her many times in her
vagina with scissors and has sex with
her as she submits to her injuries
her body is further desecrated by gordo
having a part of her face cut off before
sexually abusing her again which we
don't see because that's the end of the
tape back in real time the investigators
find another tape sure to hold more
extreme footage meanwhile Goyo is taken
into detective Juarez's office it's
quite interesting the discussion they
have basically Juarez argues that all
you had a mother and a father who didn't
want you and abused you blah blah blah
and I grew up to be a sick demon you're
not a victim because you could have
asked for help back then he describes
Goya as someone who wanted to control
things and plans to torture him by
showing the contents of a tape he
despised so much that he hid it his
footage of goys mom and father
discovering gay porn hidden by their son
neither parent endorses a gay son
calling him a [ __ ] and pervert and they
blame each other for this the father
takes it upon himself to convert his son
by paying for a prostitute that his son
can enjoy nothing works out though
because the son didn't get any erection
no matter what she did mad about it the
father bullies his son because he is not
manly beating him and then raping him
and from the family in the background is
the sister by the way even after all
that he makes Goya walk around in his
blood-stained underwear in front of his
peers at school later teen Goyo takes
over the camera and it's clear that this
Goyo is more angry and vengeful he
firstly acquires a gun and uses it to
rob a random American tourist just
getting out of a taxi and if robbing
wasn't enough he kills him for no reason
so soon the very thing we expect to
happen takes off Goyo ties up his father
and hos both parents at gunpoint the
sister is holding the camera and is
egging on her brothers so that he does
messed-up things to both parents as
usual the father bullies his son but is
under estimating how depraved the son
really is right now the son makes the
mom wear a dildo and a blade on the end
and barbed wire wrapped all around it
I'm sure you all know where this is
going the mom is forced to rape the
father with the sharp dildo plus there's
a camera on the end so we can see the
insides of this man being slashed up but
I'm not going to show that because
YouTube's already deleted horrible
reviews I gotta be careful now like
what's so with them now after abusing
his stinkhole the mom drags the bloodied
sex toy out and passes out in disgust
the next part is Marian Dora level
disgusting goryeo cusses pops entire sex
organ off blood was pulsing out by the
gallon - after that we see a very
disgusting Jack the Ripper level
mutilation Goyo has basically reassigned
the genders of his parents in a way that
would make even the Joker quiver placing
and sewing his mom's breasts on his
father and placing his father's penis on
his mom he then makes out with his
sister as both parents make
incomprehensible sounds soon after the
two siblings have an incestuous
conversation as if they aren't siblings
they get started to have sex but she
starts teasing him on his inability to
get an erection
note to self after witnessing someone
brutalized their own parents it may be a
good idea to not laugh at them for the
very thing that got him bullied by his
parents
I think this bimbo really wanted to die
really but most of all it's her death
that finally gregorio a hard-on and the
tape cuts off as he tries having sex
with her body so we get into the last
few minutes of the movie Juarez agent
agent
Juarez isn't questioning Goyo anymore in
fact the only reason he's even in the
office is just to torture him Gordo
already killed himself in his little
cell this is where things get
interesting though walrus calls him an
experiment at first it sounds like an
insult like you know like you're an
experiment gone wrong but he means it
he caused Goyo an experiment in
right-wing terrorism the overseers of
this experiment is a group called los
Manos negra which is the black hands it
seems the mission was to get rid of
nobody's getting rid of scum that costs
less than the bullet used to kill them
so before we move on this is what I'm
thinking
I'm believing that Juarez is a part of
some kind of either small group or
Muniz ation that employs annoying and
knowing psychos to kill people Dean
there's nobody's however Juarez says
Boyle messed up because he tried to kill
the wrong person
he killed the sibling of Juarez the
cross-dressing prostitute from the
beginning it seems that Juarez and his
sibling were watching from the sidelines
as go yo and Gordo were causing mayhem
since he messed with the wrong person
Juarez has a grudge on Goya and has an
interesting way to get revenge he calls
for the guards to bring someone in and
Goya looks and surprise is Goya sister
that was seemingly killed on the tape
she never died and was instead employed
by the black hands he's gonna let her
get all the revenge she needs for her
brother's attempts to kill her years
earlier and that's it the movie ends
that she probably slaughters him
off-camera
well a lot of people was really making
the movie look like the bane of all
existence but it wasn't that bad really
comparing it to what Serbian film might
say it's a lot more tame I say it
doesn't even get close to August on the
ground as well and I'm talking about the
original movie not sequels anyway let's
talk about the most disturbing and most
enjoyed moment and that's spooky stuff
[Music]
so let's get right into it the most
disturbing is probably the whole barbed
wire anal raping scene only made worse
from the camera showing you the insides
of this man being cut up I believe
something like that happening the human
centipede too as well but I somehow
missed it the most enjoyment was
probably just to reveal that Goyle
sister is still alive and wanting to
destroy her brother she look like
something Jennifer Hills would have to
make a revenge team just to fight
against call it the revenge errs also
I'm sure y'all caught the whole little
societal meanings behind the film as
well I wouldn't be surprised with that
whole the black hands thing was really
real or at least inspired by something
anyway that's it I'm really working hard
to get these videos out in addition just
trying to pass class like y'all know how
that'd be on the left is a disturbing
comic video a lot of your acts when will
the next one come out that would be
pretty soon I'm just trying to improve
it on the right it's just some film that
YouTube thinks you should hit up if you
enjoy this video make sure you click
like button as well subscribe if you
want to keep up to date with more
disturbing breakdown films thanks for
watching spooky out